

Your Personal Data

Your personal data is held safely withing our servers. However, if you wish to observe the level of safety and advice
 us, we have exposed all the application code for your review on www.kenai.com. Please be kind enough to point out any
 shortcomings in www.kenai.com before submitting any complains.

We have provided the best feasible encryption level for your passwords. We also should emphasize that we do not store
 your passwords in our servers except their hash values. We also add salt to it in order to prevent simple passwords
 being deciphered. You may at any time, change your password to the same password, to renew your salt value. Salt in
 layman terms, is something we add to your password, to make it look complex before we hash it.

As opposed to the real world, browsing one countries website form another does not require VISA or a passport.
Ironically, we have noted that many companies try to sync between legalities between countries through their websites.
While this is hardly possible, we also would like to highlight the importance of a world wide web standard for this.
Until this is done, our stance on this matter is as follows.

Irrelevant Content on this website shall be observed and removed when ever possible. However, we hold the content
 supplier as the guilty party in the event of illegal and offensive content. Any legalities following such an image
 shall be handled by that party. This website is the host for your content, not the breeder.

If any dispute arises between our website and you, with respect to your countries legality, we shall oblige while
 reserving some obligations contextually. If you cannot see this as a proper mode of interaction,
 please do not use this website.
 In turn, we believe that such websites should be blocked by the governing bodies of those countries instead of later
 debating the legalities.
 How ever, we have provisioning on nudity and other harmful content.

Credit card details shall always comply to high standards. This means not storing them and directly handing them over to
 the payment gateway. Please observe the sources of this application and notify any conflicts of the above.